Rate & Fee Information
CAPITAL ONE® ACCOUNT TERMS
Before you submit your application, please read through these Account Terms, which contain additional information about eligibility, rates, fees, and other costs, as applicable.
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases
25.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
Penalty APR and When it Applies
28.24%
This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.
This APR may be applied to your account if you make a late payment.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply? If your APRs are increased for this reason, the Penalty APR may apply indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying Interest on Purchases
Your due date is at least 25 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.
Minimum Interest Charge
If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $2.00.
For Credit Card Tips from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
To learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card, visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
Fees
Annual Fee
NONE
Penalty Fees
Late Payment
Returned Payment
 Up to $35
Up to $25
How Do You Calculate My Balance? We use a method called "average daily balance (including new transactions)." See the "How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?" section.
What Are My Billing Rights? Information on your rights to dispute transactions and how to exercise those rights is provided in the "Your Billing Rights" section.
How Do You Calculate My Credit Line? We will determine your credit line after a review of your application and your ability to pay.
What Should I Put For Total Annual Income? You may include personal income, which is income you have earned, icluding full-time, part-time, or seasonal jobs, self-employment, interest or dividends, retirement, and public assistance. You may also include shared income, which is money from somebody else that is regularly deposited into your individual account or into a joint account that a person shares with you. If you are 21 or over, you may also include somebody else's income that is regularly used to pay your expenses.
Can You Change My Account Terms? We can change the terms of your Account as permitted by law. When required, we will send you notice before doing so.
If My Rate Is Increased To The Penalty Rate, Will It Ever Be Reviewed For A Possible Decrease? Yes. Capital One will periodically review any rate increase to your Account for a possible rate decrease.
How Do You Calculate My Variable Rates? Your variable rates may change each month if the Prime Rate changes. We calculate variable rates by adding a percentage to the Prime Rate published in The Wall Street Journal that is in effect on the last day of each month. Variable rates will be updated monthly and will take effect on the first day of your next Billing Cycle: Purchase APR: Prime plus 21.74%; Penalty APR: Prime plus 24.74%. Any increase in the Prime Rate may increase your Interest Charges and your minimum payment due.
What Are The Daily Periodic Rates Used to Calculate My Interest? The daily periodic rate for your Purchase APR is 0.06916% and Penalty APR is 0.07737%. See the "How Do You Calculate the Interest Charge?" section.
How Do You Calculate My Minimum Payment? If your balance is less that $25, your minimum payment will be equal to your balance. Otherwise, your minimum payment will be the greater of $25 or 1% of your "New Balance" (which does not include Credit Plans with special repayment terms), plus billed Interest Charges, late payment fees and any payment required under a promotional Credit Plan with previously disclosed special repayment terms, rounded to the next hightest dollar. We will also add any past due amount.
How Is The Amount Of A Late Payment Fee Determined?
Outstanding Balance on Payment Due Date Late Payment Fee - first time your payment is late. Late Payment Fee - if another payment is late during the next 6 Billing Cycles.
More than $15 and up to and including $49.99 $10 $10
More than $50.00 and up to and including $99.99 $20 $20
More than $100 and up to and including $499.99 $25 $30
More than $499.99 $25 $35
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES & TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By applying for this credit card account issued by Capital One, N.A. (Capital One®), I understand that I may not be approved if:
My application is missing required information or the information is unreadable, inaccurate or cannot be verified.
My address is: a) outside of the 50 United States, Washington, D.C., or a U.S. military location or Canada; b) a correctional institution.
I am under 18 years of age or do not have a valid Social Security Number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number.
I have 5 or more Capital One credit cards or have been in default on a Capital One credit card within the past year.
"Capital One credit card" may refer to any card issued by Capital One, including co-brand and retail cards.
THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THIS CARD
How Can I Avoid Paying Interest Charges? We will not charge you interest on new non-promotional purchases if you pay the full Regular Purchase Credit Plan balance displayed on your Billing Statement each month, plus any minimum payments required on promotional Credit Plans. Additional amounts may be required during the final two months of any Same as Cash promotion. More information about Interest Charges, including treatment of promotional balances, can be found in the attached Customer Agreement, in the section titled "Interest Charges and Fees."
How Do You Calculate The Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily Balance (including new transactions).
First, for each Credit Plan we take the beginning balance each day and add in new transactions and the periodic Interest Charge on the previous day's balance. Then we subtract any payments and credits for that Credit Plan as of that day. The result is the daily balance for each Credit Plan.
Next, for each Credit Plan, we add the daily balances together and divide the sum by the number of days in the Billing Cycle. The result is the Average Daily Balance for each Credit Plan.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, for all Credit Plans other than Same As Cash, we multiply your Average Daily Balance for each Credit Plan by the daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that Credit Plan, and then we multiply the result by the number of days in the Billing Cycle. For Same As Cash Credit Plans, if interest is applied, the interest is accrued from the transaction date of the purchase through the current Billing Cycle. The Interest Charge for Same as Cash Credit Plans is the total of:
the applicable daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for the current Billing Cycle times the daily balance for each day in the current Billing Cycle; plus
the applicable daily periodic rate for each prior Billing Cycle times the daily balances of the Credit Plan for each day during each prior Billing Cycle.
We add the Interest Charges for all Credit Plans together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary slightly from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
How Is The Interest Charge Applied? Interest Charges accrue from the date of the transaction or the first day of the Billing Cycle. Interest Charges accrue on every unpaid amount until it is paid in full. This means you may owe Interest Charges even if you pay the entire "New Balance" for one Billing Cycle, but did not do so the previous Billing Cycle. Unpaid Interest Charges are added to the corresponding Credit Plan of your Account. For Waived Interest Charge Credit Plans, no interest is charged for the promotional period. For Same As Cash Credit Plans, no interest is charged if the full cash sales price is paid in full before the promotion expiration date.
Are Unauthorized Use Claims Subject to Investigation and Verification? Yes.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you:When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver's license or other identifying documents.
REBATE PROGRAM DISCLOSURE
You will earn a 2% rebate on BIG Card purchases at Menards stores and Menards.com, excluding purchases on promotional credit plans. You will earn a 1% rebate on BIG Card purchases at other participating retailers that accept the BIG Card. Rebates are calculated on net purchases (which are purchases minus returns or exchanges). Rebates are not calculated on Fees or Interest Charges. Rebates previously earned may be deducted if merchandise is returned for credit which may result in a negative balance in the following rebate period. There is no limit on the amount of rebates during the rebate period.
Rebates are paid in the form of merchandise certificate(s) issued quarterly following the quarter which the purchases were made to reach the $5 minimum rebate amount. To receive your Menards Quarterly Reward Certificate(s)your account must be open and in good standing as of the end of the quarter within which the purchases were made. All potential rebates will be forfeited if you terminate your Account. If you are in default on your account at the time of rebate issuance, your earned rebates will be carried over to the following rebate issuance period until your account is in good standing. Earned rebates of less than $5 also will be carried forward to the following quarter. The Menards BIG Card Account Rebate Program (the "Program") is provided by Capital One, N.A. and Menards, Inc. which are responsible for the Program operation and rebate fulfillment. Capital One, N.A. and Menards reserve the right to add, modify, change, and/or delete any Program feature or benefit at any time. Rebates may only be redeemed for merchandise at Menards stores and are not transferable.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT CREDIT REPORTING
We may report information about your Account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your Account may be reflected in your credit report.
YOUR BILLING RIGHTS: KEEP THIS DOCUMENT FOR FUTURE USE
This notice tells you about your rights and our responsibilities under the Fair Credit Billing Act.
What To Do If You Find A Mistake On Your Statement: If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us at:
Capital One
PO Box 30258,
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0258
In your letter, give us the following information:
Account information: Your name and account number.
Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error.
Description of problem: If you think there is an error on your bill, describe what you believe is wrong and why you believe it is a mistake.
You must contact us:
Within 60 days after the error appeared on your statement.
At least 3 business days before an automated payment is scheduled, if you want to stop payment on the amount you think is wrong.
You must notify us of any potential errors in writing. You may call us or notify us electronically, but if you do we are not required to investigate any potential errors and you may have to pay the amount in question.
What Will Happen After We Receive Your Letter.
When we receive your letter, we must do two things:
Within 30 days of receiving your letter, we must tell you that we received your letter. We will also tell you if we have already corrected the error.
Within 90 days of our receipt of your letter, we will send you a written notice explaining either that we corrected the error (to appear on your next statement) or the reasons we believe the bill is correct.
While we investigate whether or not there has been an error, the following are true:
We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report you as delinquent on that amount.
The charge in question may remain on your statement, and we may continue to charge you interest on that amount.
While you do not have to pay the amount in question until we send you a notice about the outcome of our investigation, you are responsible for the remainder of your balance.
We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit.
After we finish our investigation, one of two things will happen:
If we made a mistake: You will not have to pay the amount in question or any interest or other fees related to that amount.
If we do not believe there was a mistake: You will have to pay the amount in question, along with applicable interest and fees. We will send you a statement of the amount you owe and the date payment is due. We may then report you as delinquent if you do not pay the amount we think you owe.
If you receive our explanation but still believe your bill is wrong, you must write to us within 10 days telling us that you still refuse to pay. If you do so, we cannot report you as delinquent without also reporting that you are questioning your bill. We must tell you the name of anyone to whom we reported you as delinquent, and we must let those organizations know when the matter has been settled between us.
If we do not follow all of the rules above, you do not have to pay the first $50 of the amount you question even if your bill is correct.
Your Rights If You Are Dissatisfied With Your Credit Card Purchases.
If you are dissatisfied with the goods or services that you have purchased with your credit card, and you have tried in good faith to correct the problem with the merchant, you may have the right not to pay the remaining amount due on the purchase. To use this right, the following must be true:
You must have used your credit card for the purchase. Purchases made with cash advances from an ATM or with a check that accesses your credit card account do not qualify; and
You must not yet have fully paid for the purchase.
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied with the purchase, contact us in writing at:
Capital One
PO Box 30258
Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0258
While we investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed amount as discussed above. After we finish our investigation, we will tell you our decision. At that point, if we think you owe an amount and you do not pay, we may report you as delinquent.
STATE-SPECIFIC INFORMATION
NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: Applicants may, after credit approval, use the credit card account up to its credit limit and be liable for amounts extended under the plan to any joint applicant. If you are married, you may apply for credit in your own name.
NOTICE FOR OHIO RESIDENTS: Ohio anti-discrimination laws require creditors to make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on individuals upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers these laws.
NOTICE FOR NEW YORK AND VERMONT RESIDENTS: Capital One may obtain at any time your credit reports, for any legitimate purpose associated with the account or the application or request for an account, including but not limited to reviewing, modifying, renewing and collecting on your account. On your request, you will be informed if such a report was ordered. If so, you will be given the name and address of the consumer reporting agency furnishing the report. New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services: 1-877-226-5697 or http://www.dfs.ny.gov
NOTICE FOR WISCONSIN RESIDENTS: No provision of any marital agreement, unilateral statement, or court order applying to marital property will adversely affect a creditor's interests unless prior to the time credit is granted, the creditor is furnished with a copy of the agreement, statement or court order, or has actual knowledge of the provision. If you are married, by submitting your credit card application you are confirming that this credit card obligation is being incurred in the interest of your marriage and your family. If the credit card for which you are applying is granted, you will notify the Bank if you have a spouse who needs to receive notification that credit has been extended to you.
NOTICE FOR DELAWARE RESIDENTS: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.
This site provides information about and access to financial services offered by the Capital One family of companies, including Capital One Bank (USA), N.A. and Capital One, N.A., Members FDIC.
2016Capital One.